---
layout: post
title: "Irssi 0.8.20 Released"
---

Irssi 0.8.20 has been released. This release fixes two remote crash
issues in Irssi 0.8.17 and later. There are no new features. **All
users should upgrade to this version**. See the
[NEWS](//raw.githubusercontent.com/irssi/irssi/0.8.20/NEWS) for
details.

This release can be downloaded from [our releases
page](https://github.com/irssi/irssi/releases). Binary test packages
for various Linux distributions are automatically generated by the
[openSUSE Build Service](https://build.opensuse.org/) and are
available for download in the
[irssi-test](https://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=home:ailin_nemui:irssi-test;package=irssi)
repository. Please check with your distro whether they provide
officially updated packages.

Read the [security advisory](/security/irssi_sa_2016.txt).

Those totally unable to upgrade, but with Perl support enabled in
their Irssi, can load [this](/security/sa_patch.pl) script and add it to
`~/.irssi/scripts/autorun` as a first aid to mitigating these issues: 

Furthermore, we are always looking for testers of the development
version. Binaries of the current git development version are
automatically packaged in the
[irssi-git](https://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=home:ailin_nemui:irssi-git;package=irssi-git)
repository. The current development source code can be downloaded from
[GitHub](https://github.com/irssi/irssi). Some more information on the
[Contributing](https://irssi.org/development/) page.  Report
[Issues](https://github.com/irssi/irssi/issues) and do not hesitate to
send in [Patches](https://github.com/irssi/irssi/pulls)!

Remember to follow Irssi on
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/IrssiProject), or pop into `#irssi` on
Freenode.

The Irssi Team.
